                                     University Visvesvaraya College of Engineering
                                     
The pioneer of engineering eduaction in the country and also the cause of it's death. Founded by the Sir M Visvesvaraya, a Bharat Ratna Awardee,
The chief engineer behind Narmada Dam, the Diwan of Mysore. Unfortunately, Sir Visvesvarya couldn't see the flourishing of his own foundation, just kidding.
The college was started in 1913 as a school which was converted from a stable of horses, and then on March 18, 1917 was declared a full fledged
Engineering Institution. From the day of it's foundation to this day, proudly, UVCE hasn't lost the meaning on which it was built, it's still stable of horses.
The college offers courses in seven streams - Computer Science, Information Science (hipster Computer Science), Mechanical , Civil, Electrical , Electronics , Architecture.
Year after year, UVCE has recorded 100% placements (rounded off by nearest 100). Many big companies such as Microsoft, Adobe, Nokia , Dell , (I know right!) ,
Acoolite , McKinsey Digital Labs , VMware , (uhmm, might be, who knows) , Codilar , Ernst & Young , Betsol , Brillio , (no idea) , BuyHatke , 
Chaini Khaini , Pan Bahar Pan masala , ManForce , (You lost me) , Infosys , Accenture , (Finally !).
Highest package has gone upto 16-10 LPA by CSE students. CSE students have also recorded 98% placements, all major IT companies are recruiting CSE guys in heavy amount.
Yes, IT companies , because it doesn't matter if you've studied Core subjects, you still work for computer testing. UVCE prouds its students , by students 
I mean CSE students, who cares about core branches anyway.
Labs and research facilties are impeccable , students are exposed to the latest technologies to work on. The state-of-the-art infrastructure provides
the right environment for the students to innovate. PS : You're GrandPa can still recognise the equipments on which he worked on, yup ! still not working.
This Angadwaadi college has been funded by TEQUIP under UNESCO old-decomposed-bare-minimum heritage prevention scheme. By which the mid-day meal 
for the college students is possible. 
This Great institute is Run by Sri Sri Jagadguru Venugopal K R Circle. He is great achiever and probably a child prodigy (read lunatic), he has Avogadro number of
patents and degrees in many varied fields such as Computer Science/Electronics/EEE/Mech/Medical/Ayurveda/Beautician/Astology/Tantra Mantra/Kaala Jaadu
